Hezbollah says it fired more than a 100
rockets at Israeli positions on
Wednesday the Lebanese militant group
says the assault was retaliation for an
Israeli drone strike that killed one of
its senior commanders in southern
Lebanon there were no reports of
casualties now these pictures posted on
social media are said to show the
aftermath of the attack there's been
crossborder fighting between Israel and
the militants since the start of the war
in Gaza this is the second time in
recent weeks that an Israeli air strike
has killed a Hezbollah
Commander well DW's Beirut bureau chief
Muhammad sha talked me through the
significance of the
strike well the situation is escalating
again on the Lebanese Israeli front asah
launched retaliatory attacks on Israel
following the killing of its senior
military figure Muhammad Naser also
known as Abu
Nami this is this was quite expect this
um uh retaliation and this intensity
given the significance and importance
and the high rank of the killed military
commander Naser is the third uh um
military uh figure senior military uh
figure killed by Israel since the
beginning of this confrontation first
wiam alil back in January and then Talib
Abdullah in mid June and now Muhammad
nasar and every assassination was
followed by a big and violent escalation
that lasted for weeks and seemed to
reach the point of an allout war between
the adversaries this has been prompting
diplomatic efforts particularly from the
US France and and Germany who have been
so far successful in pressuring all uh
parties to avoid the large scale War so
now we're anticipating the large and uh
uh the the the intensity and the um uh
scale of this round of escalation
between hasah and Israel good talking to
you thank you for that muhammd Sher uh
in
Beirut recent weeks have seen daily
exchanges of fire between Israel and
Hezbollah and the number of missiles
fired by Hezbollah is unprecedented the
missiles spark wildfires that have
consumed hundreds of hectares of
Northern Israel causing tens of
thousands of people to flee DW
correspondent Tanya Kramer has been
meeting the firefighters protecting
people who have chosen to stay
Israel's aerial defense system shoots
down Rockets from Southern Lebanon on
the ground in Northern Israel
firefighters are busy extinguishing
fires caused by crossborder strikes
between Israel and libanese militant
Group
hisb G A is managing a bigger team than
usually the addition of missiles to the
Wildfire season means means he needs all
the help he can
get in the last
month there has been much heavier and
more accurate
shooting and as a result of this rockets
and
interceptions many fires got
started and because of the dryness and
strong
winds you'll see a large burnt area here
[Music]
this is the aftermath of a fire spark
when Israel's AR defense system shut
down incoming missiles the last few days
have been quieter than usual says aulay
but his team is preparing for all
scenarios including a fullscale
war we know it'll be much more severe
and this is why we're getting ready
receiving forces and Equipment
freshening up and we are now at a stage
when we waiting for the next wave but I
hope it doesn't
come a few kilometers away another fire
has spread in recent weeks to the
outskirts of kibot
Shamir we heard a few artillery rounds
shot across the border area here and the
buz of drones overhead this border area
feels relatively calm today but people
here have been living under threat for
more than 8 months now and they fear it
can get much worse if Israel and hasah
will enter a full scale
War gilad Yehuda and his family are
worried about the fires as well as the
potential War the places he says feels
like an additional weapon used against
them here in in the upper Galilee and
all around the border of Lebanon there
is an actual War okay there there is a
real war missiles drones fires alarms
all the times a lot of noises also from
the Israeli side um a airplanes in the
sky all the time and it can change from
three alarms a day to 3 days without any
alarm basically we know
that kisah have the ability to hurt us
to injure Us in any given moment and we
are just you know hoping that we will
that you know that IDF will be able to
defend
us their home here is just outside the
official evacuation Zone which stretches
5 kilometers into Israel from the border
that means they unlike tens of thousands
of others have not been told to leave
but fearing war and fire he and his
family have left twice since October 7
last year each time they came back but
their suitcases are packed